when I was a young kid I have a dream
and comes from and I got to get the
dream my passion for design coming very
hard my life I used to live in a in
France in Avignon going to be a rock
star
there wasn't a discrete Jagger Elvis
Presley how to sing so I decided to me
to dress maybe like them and today a
dress most of them
a one of a kind of sneaker these are the
in Hardy's it's my way
Oh
yes the Christian Christian Christian Oh
big ears not a brand it's a lifestyle
we appreciate these them for us let's
keep movin
I didn't even touch it
Madonna love the stuff so much
she wears it just about everybody knows
she's my favorite when I take the took
her hat on the head of all this and I
can I gotta say when you see a trucker
hat I see an island
oops those odds on celebrities to mark
ed hardy double Traverse
so I decided to go all the designers are
looking at his stuff wanting to get all
the new ideas so I doubt he and on my
range today doing a shoe snack is like
I'm doing my own wine we have any
caffeine more to buy I live in Las Vegas
I'm your apostle a baby's just
designer Christian Audigier who is so
famous Michael Jackson showed up as
birthday party of fashion
of fashion
you